###### Data repositories: Security organizations maintain exhaustive databases of known vulnerabilities, threat signatures, security controls, and generally everything related to known cybersecurity threats. Some important sources include:
- NIST SP 800-150 (Guide to Cyber Threat Information Sharing) contains essential standards for establishing and participating in cyber threat information sharing relationships.
- NIST SP 800-53 (Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems) is a database of security controls that is especially important for compliance assessments.
- The National Vulnerability Database (NVD) is the US government's repository of vulnerability measurement data. Vulnerabilities are represented in the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) format; they can be directly fed into Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) compliant vulnerability scanners.
- MITRE's Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) list uniquely identifies and describes vulnerabilities that have been found in publicly released software packages and information systems. SCAP-compliant tools use CVE to describe specific vulnerabilities.
- MITRE's Adversarial Tactics Techniques and Common Knowledge (ATT&CK) Framework is a knowledge base of adversary techniques usable for threat modeling and countermeasure design.
- Vulnerability feeds: Regularly updated and distributed sources of information about new vulnerabilities. While a feed has human-readable information, its real value is computer-readable vulnerability information you can load into automated tools. The NVD is a popular public feed, but there are other commercial and community alternatives.
- Threat intelligence feeds: Similar to vulnerability feeds, but with information about known threats. Many focus on network data such as IP addresses, domain names, and URLs associated with threat actors. Others contain security logs or track threat actor activities. Open source threat feeds include AlienVault OTX, FBI InfraGard Portal, Google Safe Browsing, and the Spamhaus Project
- Threat maps: Several cybersecurity vendors offer visual maps showing real-time or recently reported cyberattacks imposed on a world map. Each has its own unique features, but they typically show each attack's nature, location, severity, and other information. Since threat maps tend to have anonymized data or show forged attack sources, they're not a substitute for threat intelligence feeds; however, the visualization they provide can help you to understand the patterns of real-world threat activities. Popular threat maps include FireEye, Fortinet, and BitDefender.
- Predictive analytics: An application of machine learning that analyzes existing data to predict future trends or extrapolate unknown values through pattern analysis. It can be applied to many fields, processing vast amounts of data in real-time, far more quickly than human analysts with conventional tools. Predictive analytics has obvious applications to cybersecurity and is an increasingly common part of cyber intelligence services and platforms.
